MTA-6893 Document Hub OIDC authentication (#382)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/mta-install/ref_uri-wildcard-patterns.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.5
:_template-generated: 2025-07-31
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="uri-wildcard-patterns_{context}"]
= URI wildcard patterns

[role="_abstract"]

> After template variable substitution, the Hub OIDC provider matches the wildcard patterns in the uniform resource identifier (URI) configuration against the requested URI. The wildcard uses `/` as path separator to split the pattern and matches the URI segment-by-segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After template variable substitution, the Hub OpenID Connect (OIDC) provider matches wildcard patterns in the uniform resource identifier (URI) configuration against the requested URI. The provider uses the `/` character as a path separator to match the URI segment by segment.
```
